= capistrano-campfire

capistrano-campfire is a really tiny library to expose a Campfire room to Capistrano.

Specifically, you configure some `campfire_options` about the room, and then you magically get access to a `campfire_room`. It's just a `Tinder::Campfire` instance, so you can do whatever you would normally with that.

Install it the usual way:

    gem install capistrano-campfire

And here's a quick example for your `config/deploy.rb`:

    require 'capistrano/campfire'

    set :campfire_options, :account => 'zim',
                           :room => 'World Conquest',
                           :token => '001000101110101001011112',
                           :ssl => true


    task :ohai do
      campfire_room.speak 'o hai'
    end


You can also be posting to multiple campfire rooms/accounts.

    require 'capistrano/campfire'

    set :campfire_options, :rooms => [{
                                       :account => 'zim',
                                       :room => 'World Conquest',
                                       :token => '001000101110101001011112',
                                     }, {
                                       :account => 'swolleneyeballnetwork',
                                       :room => 'Agents',
                                       :token => '2001000101110101001011110',
                                     }],
                           :ssl => true


    task :ohai do
      campfire_rooms.speak 'o hai'
    end


Instead of `room` option, you can pass the `room_id` if your room name contains some special characters.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Joshua Nichols. See LICENSE for details.
